Vexxedly peruse r/latestagecaptialism and feel my rage at 21st century cuckoldry rise from a simmer to a boil while I refresh WSB waiting for the faggot mod who keeps locking it to get done touching himself while his wife gets railed by Tyrone and Jamal and bring it back for me to post about my losses
Await the 5+ "Robinhood has options wtf!" posts from the laggards
Hanging out somewhere else cause the mods keep on being fags and setting the sub to private.
Buy more Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.. Anticipating  $14 before next ER.
Watch NVIDIA Corporation go up. Or down. Fuck you Nvidia.
Continue to hold NVIDIA Corporation and wonder just where the fuck I went wrong.
Trying to figure out what to do with Oracle, sell or hold through earnings.
I have fresh puts on $Target Corporation and $TSLA, hope those do well tomorrow.
Hoping for good news out of the Disney - Fox deal so my calls can continue to fly. If the pop, I'll sell. If not, I'll wait for Monday and hope for ridiculous star wars records.
Bought 2710 shares of Editas Medicine, Inc. at 24.4 (should have jumped in at 24.00 but nooo I just had to wait till the close to buy)
Finally ditched two bagholds for modest profit today, and cashed out my Aerohive Networks, Inc. swing trade. Down to three long holdings now, which I might add to with this freed up liquidity.
Watch $Redfin Corporation sink further then double down like a bau5
Eat tendies and watch my Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Weep in silence for my regrets and misspent youth.
hiring a prostitute to hold my hand and tell me everything is gonna be okay
how many dips of $Micron Technology, Inc. should I be buying? I think I am up to 10 dips now
Jerk off as my 10-lot of SPY calls grows more and more girthy
Lol if I get assigned on my Bank of America Corporation puts and sell my other Bank of America Corporation puts.
Cry myself to sleep because I bought the news on $Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc
Try to get out of my Riot Blockchain, Inc credit spread before I get burned.
keep jazzing over my Boeing Company (The) calls being up 250% and still holding
All in on $Digital Power Corporation. Im going to keep playing this cryptocurrency hype for all the gainz. Riot Blockchain, Inc was on CNBC and got hammered. Will most likely see a volume shift towards Digital Power Corporation as they have Govt contracts and actual product.
Hope Remark Holdings, Inc. tanks another 15% or so...got paid so I want to load up some more.
picked up DJA and Bank of America Corporation monthlies, lets hope santa brings me  a present
Sell all Tech. Its dead to me. I tried to be loyal, but they just keep burning. My Bank of America Corporation shares are looking great though.
Grab some last minute Costco calls before earnings
Wait to see how the rate hike tomorrow affects the market. Expect tech to drop a bit more, then will buy up some Alibaba between 167-170.
Another down day for SOXL, SOMEONE PLEASE GIVE VIAGRA TO INTEL,TXN AND NDVA
Watch my /cl strangles decay.  Open a new strangle when the new month options are listed.
Watch my V calls cover for all my mistakes this last week.
pray Micron Technology, Inc. PayPal Holdings, Inc. YY Inc. go up like hell
Hope Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and JD.com, Inc. go up. Fuck all of you for getting me into these.
Keeping my mouth shut and watching and praying for a bountiful Micron Technology, Inc. tendie harvest
Baghold UGAZ like a degenerate. After another ass raping, I'll give up and switch to DGAZ just as the trend switches so that I can get pounded again the opposite direction.
I'm tied up in long positions now, at least until I get paid.
Bought the widow maker spread. DD here -
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/7ia1pi/dd_the_widow_maker_trade_on_natural_gas_ng/
Watch the tendies roll in when ugaz awakens the Balrog after venturing too deep down today and gets chased up out of the depths of hell
cash out on baba calls, up bigly after successfully buying the dip again
Watch my /cl strangles decay.
Wait for a new entry into VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX Short-Term ETN.
Hoping Funko, Inc. stops dropping (in long, but I just want the bleeding to stop), and maybe joining you idiots on the Micron Technology, Inc. train.
Hold Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. like a dumb fuck because I know as soon as I buy Micron or literally any other stock I will start making my losses back. Fuck Advanced Micro Devices, Inc..
Bought cni calls at the bottom of the random dip last week. Sold half my position for 150% gains, might cash the rest tomorrow. Feels good.
Watch Cummins Inc. continue its rebound and consider buying more calls
Think about selling $YY Inc.. Probably won't and it'll be red tomorrow, but next week we might see $120. Watch $Mastercard Incorporated and $Visa Inc. make me some easy money. Possibly regret buying $Micron Technology, Inc. at $42 and $ProShares UltraPro QQQ at $133.5. Yay tech
Baghold Netflix.
Baghold Advanced Money Destabilizer.
Baghold VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX Short-Term ETN. (Sell VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX Short-Term ETN if it breaks 120)
Watch Micron Technology, Inc. run up until earnings
Hopefully not continue to lose money but, in actuality, continue to lose money
Watch Funko, Inc., if it keeps dropping I'm going to find the address of that one dude that keeps pumping it and send him a hive of angry bees.
Watch $JD.com, Inc. hit $42 because I sold my position.
Hope that $Apple Inc. goes up so i can unload this garbage.
Baghold Activision Blizzard, Inc, Baghold Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., Baghold NVDIA.
Looking forward to selling 50Kellogg Company shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.. I need to unload this bag and move on.
Pray for an $8 Micron Technology, Inc. run up
Not likely $ROPE, rinse repeat
Cash Advance my Citi Prestige and CSR then go bankrupt and commit Micron Technology, Inc.icide !!
I bought a bunch of retail calls on Monday in an attempt to help tech sector recover. Theyre down quite a bit today so I'm expecting great things from the tech sector tomorrow. You're welcome.
Baghold 22nd Century Group, Inc, Uniti Group Inc. and some other stuff a bunch of smooth-talking, know-nothing faggots on here convinced me to buy.
Let's see...I have paper losses of about $14k since Friday, so some averaging down is in order. Remark Holdings, Inc. is in the 7s so most of it will go there.
Wait and watch. I'm mostly sitting on bluechip stocks right now, and given the ass whooping we got next week, I'd rather wait.
Watch Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. go down more while refusing to sell.
Watch amd go green after selling my calls yesterday, buy more, watch it drop red again
Buying more Tech Calls expiring March/April.  This shits coming back bruhs just need some time.
Sacrificing a goat to the Micron Technology, Inc. god
grow some balls and pick up more Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. shares.
either drink cuz my nvda puts shot to the moon or drink cuz my nvda shot me in the head. Dec8th expiries.
Maybe actually make some money on my Roku, Inc. put.
I figured Asian markets were flat yesterday because they wanted to see how the US markets would digest the tax plan and it seems like from today the US reaction to the tax plan is very muted
Naughty Nattty Gasss, bitches. Come on, UGAZ, rain down some tendies, you filthy filthy whoouur.
Buying $300 worth of XLK calls every day until I finally force it to zero and crash the global economy.
Hope gold goes back up. Got fucked on JNUG the last couple days.
Everything looking red right now. How low will she go.
Maybe get back into Raytheon Company since it dipped because of this
SPY puts maybe? Asian markets taking a big ol dookie right now
Continue my delusional prayers that Micron Technology, Inc. will recover to 50 by EOY
watch NVIDIA Corporation premarket up $1 , then down $5 by market close
I've relaxed my butthole and decided to embrace the schlonging tech has been getting and bought Micron Technology, Inc. puts today for two weeks out. So hope mu has another shit day so I can recoup some of the money I've lost continually buying this never ending dip
I bought more tech today during the dip while you guys were crying about tech. A huge dip for tech and barely anyone here was willing to buy the dip this time, which means it must recover. Will be watching tech tomorrow and praying I wasn't wrong....
Liquidated some IRA positions to put into the options account to avoid that margin call.
Continue to buy the fucking dip until their is no more fucking dip to buy
Watch $Visa Inc. rebound. It needs to regain the 50 EMA and people love buying Visa Inc.isa.
Hope Bank of America Corporation breaches 30, enter some more positions in retail / telecom, and look away from my dying tech whilst I cheat on it
raise your hand if you're down 30% in supposedly the best market year in history.
I feel like a plastic grocery bag in a tornado. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Have calls on Macy&#39;s Inc, Kroger Company (The), Kohl&#39;s Corporation, and Urban Outfitters, Inc.. I bought these so that tech will recover tomorrow. Thank me.
See if i can average down on Micron Technology, Inc. if it craters more. Watch Microsoft Corporation, see if Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. actually will stay below $10.
Watch what I bough lose 10-20% while looking at the ones I should of bough go +15%
Watch pypl,SQ and mu. Starting to become numb to the pain. look at X and smile that I held it instead of getting another tech stock.
Start placing bets on the side on how low Micron Technology, Inc. P/E will go.
Possibly selling 2 shares of Amazon.com, Inc.. Thoughts? I've had stock with them for close to 8 years. I'll have 9 more after the sell.
Holding the line. Maybe buy some puts on tech stocks as a hedge. See if NVIDIA Corporation hits $182.50 by Friday.
Just buy cheap weekly puts on everything I already have monthly calls on. What could go wrong?
By some miracle only down $400, counting my lucky stars and looking for new shares to invest in
Not sure. Closed out of almost everything, spare 30 some $SPY put options expiring this week.
Watch my Discover Financial Services options continue to explode.
Considering averaging down my ~6k Micron Technology, Inc. at 48.73. Only way I think I'll break even any time soon. And hope JD.com, Inc. doesn't dip anymore, if it does I'll just buy more idgaf.
Max out my credit cards with cash balance transfers and earn 20% obviously
There are people pretending to be stupid and people thinking everybody in here is actually stupid. So basically, the guys pretending reassure stupid people
Discover Financial Services and Ulta Beauty, Inc. pay 35%+ and Oracle has 50 billion offshore.
Lol no I made these positions 2 months ago after researching a lot of companies.
I can be wrong but I'm pretty sure those mega corporations end up paying like minimal taxes anyway due to foreign account manipulation and whatnot.
Watch $Micron Technology, Inc. start its climb back to its rightful place
Watching Bank of America Corporation since you queers won't shut up about it
Gonna post memes on Reddit about how many chicken I made on December 4th when the market went up .6%
praying to su bae and watching my all in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. position drop more
Watch everything fly up. Futures are so green. Hope Micron Technology, Inc. and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. bounce
Hope my 15k on Square, Inc. at 37.60 makes back some of last week's lost tendies
Hope my Dec08 $29 Bank of America Corporation calls go to the moon
Watch my 19JAN SPY and Micron Technology, Inc. calls print tendies
watch as my Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. stock continues to just stay flat
Watch the NASDAQ rise 100 points but techs stocks only recover 0.5%, but then Tuesday the NASDAQ will drop 20 points and tech stocks will go down 3%
Keep an eye on $United States Steel Corporation looking to buy back long if it dips. Panic sold because of the 1 hour crash. My lawyers are currently trying to sue fake news.
1x GOOGCitigroup Inc. 500Citigroup Inc. 1217S
This product will enable me to buy 1 share of Alphabet Citigroup Inc.lass Citigroup Inc. from the french for 500 euros on 15/12/2017 Allowing at current prices a 300 euro win.
Buy some Eagle Bancorp, Inc.. Stock dropped way too much on Friday and they deny allegations
Sell Pfizer, Inc. Monday during the euphoric stock rally, or hold until late December when they release the magic cancer curers? Leaning towards the latter.
gonna buy $Alibaba Group Holding Limited and $NVIDIA Corporation calls at open
Rebalance my positions to free up some cash, sell some of my positions with low tax rates, spend the freed up capital on the winners of a tax deal like Apple Inc., Caterpillar, Inc., J P Morgan Chase & Co.
Tax man, cometh. Selling the losers, realizing loses. December Strategy.
The usual. Square, Inc. Micron Technology, Inc. prayers.
I've never traded index options but after reading that post of the guy who made a quarter mil on SP Plus CorporationX options I decided to buy a single Dec 4 option to get my feet wet. I closed it 36 minutes later for a $689.92 profit. Feeling elated, I bought 20 more with January expiration for around $8k when the S&P was at it's highest point. Ended the day down $3k. I will be sitting at home watching CNBC and yelling at the Grupo Televisa S.A. for positive tax bill news. If my portfolio shits the bed I'll hop on my scooter and go to the MGM Resorts International National Harbor where they are having a big poker tournament, get drunk, and tilt my opponents with my weaponized autism. Then go home and cuddle with my dog.
watch Nutanix, Inc. run wild. $38 by Wells Fargo Global Dividend Opportunity Fund easy.
My move tomorrow: Pat myself on the back for not playing $Ulta Beauty, Inc. ER. Some dumbass on here was saying how it's obviously going up because of the lack of debt and strong management. Actually sounded convincing. But I remembered Kylie Jenner made more money than Jesus selling her makeup and they don't sell that shit at Ulta.
It's thursday today and my shit is all up, so tbh Im bewildered
Refresh my account summary page every 15s to see when the Square, Inc. I bought today reaches the moon
surely $Micron Technology, Inc. can't go any lower, right?
NVIDIA Corporation give up! NVIDIA Corporation surrender!
Hold Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. baby. Got in at 10.84.
Continued energies delivered to Bank of America Corporation. Don't know why it faltered by closing today, I assume the devil is trying to work his dark magic on it.
Micron is done going down right? They make a lot of money right ?
Picked up 16,800 shares of Future FinTech Group Inc. at 1.41 a little before end of day. Loading in before the next pump and dump and will probably add to the position tomorrow as soon as the market opens.
Watch my $Cummins Inc. and $Global X Robotics & Artificial Intelligence ETF gain .5% tomorrow and everyday forever.
May sell my SOXL boys. They scary low right now and who knows ya know
Will finally be at my regular office with normal internet access, so presumably making up for everything I've missed out on this week.
Sell another call on Ulta Beauty, Inc. to keep getting my cost basis down. At 197 so I'm happy
buy myself a rope as the market goes to ATHs. fkin piece of brainless sugar high optimism on the tax reform shit.
Close my now-winner Vmware, Inc. credit spread. Hopefully watch Roku, Inc. continue to be a loser.
I took my Square, Inc. profits. Not too sure if the stock can really handle itself any more. The price just doesn't line up with the fundamentals. Maybe I'll get back in before earnings.
Gonna try to close my VXX credit spreads or at the very least rollover for next week.
Jack off to Williams-Sonoma, Inc.. While all you tards are losing your dicks in Micron Technology, Inc. i will be bathing in the rocket that was Williams-Sonoma, Inc. yesterday.
Watch my portfolio that is all in on Xerox Corporation go even higher
Want to buy Alibaba Group Holding Limited, but I don't want to pay 176. What do?
surely $Micron Technology, Inc. can't go any lower, right?
Watch all my BTFDs from today bring me some tendies for an early Christmas.
Debate finally converting my $JD.com, Inc. into $RAMEN. Take an irresponsible credit card advance to buy more $Remark Holdings, Inc. if it dips any further
Wait for my bank transfers to go thru so I can have my pattern resection lifted
Wait for tech to go back up. Read up on Industrial and Banking sectors. Need to diversify. Than go to salsa class and flirt with my terrible spanish.
Re-evaluate owning some much tech. I'll probably just keep them though because they're gangbusters usually.
Celebrate because Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. will go up.
Got me a $bks earnings play.  2 shares because I'm a poor fuck.
I predict the mythical "second dip" a double dip, if you will. I will then buy that dip.
Wait for the Senate decision and then yolo my account on 1dte Spx options
All in Ulta Beauty, Inc., Vmware, Inc., Nutanix, Inc.
I hope tech dips more Southern Company (The) I CAN BUY EVEN MORE
Those $Juniper Networks, Inc. puts I bought near the close today are now worthless. Thanks Nokia!
Bought 100 shares of SOXL today. Hoping for a pop so I can sell a Dec covered call.
Sold off all my weedstocks in meh gains for these plays:
I was offline all day and missed a few of my stocks get nuked, so maybe some belated shellshock tomorrow. Shopify Inc. and Remark Holdings, Inc. took a dive. United Continental Holdings, Inc. was up 3 for some reason though.
Put my hands up on my hips buy the dip the dip the dip
I was up to +35% entire portfolio for the year. Mostly thanks to Nvidia... now I am only up to +4% thanks to Advanced Micro Devices, Inc..  I dumped it all and put everything into this huge Micron Technology, Inc. dip. -9% because some faggot thinks memory prices will go down? Lol. Ok.
Continue to try to learn options so I can accelerate my loss potential;
Like a sick dog, you will pay thousands of dollars in the hopes it improves only to have it die unexpectedly sooner than anticipated.
JD.com, Inc. stock is not the company. The company is doing exceptionally well, the stock will mirror that eventually. Efficient market theory my arse.
you mean you were right at the wrong time? who knew stocks don't only go in one direction?
"the only thing $Micron Technology, Inc. has going for it is the earnings"
Either buy back my Autodesk, Inc. puts for a huge loss or take delivery of the shares.
Anyone buying $Kroger Company (The) to see if they have an earnings beat?
3RD QUARTER Goodrich Petroleum Corporation NUMBERS. Hope Bancorp, Inc. YOU CUNTS BOUGHT CALLS.
Watch my Bank of America Corporation calls finally go more green. Maybe even buy another Leap.
Hope that no one on this fucking sub jynxes RAD's deep dicking of the market today, and, it continues to climb so my APR 20 2018 $2.50 Calls go into 3-4 figure % ROI land.
maybe some SPY calls. that IV is super low, though I kinda spent all my money on Square, Inc. today :/
Stop trading for the sake of trading. I sold out of Autodesk, Inc. today and bought back in after I second-guessed myself.
Watch $Micron Technology, Inc. and pray $Square, Inc. rallies otherwise Friday suicide thread is happening
I bought 220 more shares of JD.com, Inc. today so that piece of shit better be green.
Long General Electric Company when it gets down to 15 b/c of the rating drop
Sit on my arse and watch as my Roku, Inc. puts continue to do nothing.
Hoping my Tiffany & Co. earnings play will pay for one of their nice rings.
Continue to cry cause I told myself to buy into Thor Industries, Inc. and Winnebago Industries, Inc. 6 months ago, but forgot cause this sub got me all high on techy stocks.
Watch Mattel, Inc. slowly go down. Maybe sell my AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. shares.
Bitch about my office locking down our internet for a project today, which meant I couldn't load up on Remark Holdings, Inc. when it hit mid 7s today.
Invest in speech to text cus the falling knife cut off mi hands
study for my gmat/mba because this stock stuff isnt really working out
Pray that my Micron Technology, Inc. and SOXL buys today pay off
Ayyymd to $15 because Su Bae is presenting tomorrow
Square, Inc. should rebound a bit because it triggered the short-sale rule today:
Watch Square, Inc. go up >$2, subsequently sell my calls I bought today.
Stare at ToS while in class and pretend to be doing important stock stuff, all the while losing money.
watch JD.com, Inc. climb from the depths of option pinning
Watch Micron Technology, Inc. return to $49 levels and make more cash on those dec 48 calls I picked up at lows today
I might buy Square, Inc. on the dip (its a great long term investment regardless of short term stuff) but I'm waiting for a market correction in general
Watch Square, Inc. in dumbfounded shock, rage, and more shock.
Buy $ACBFF and hold that shit to the moon, also $GLNNF looks pretty hot right now. Might have to take a stab at that too.
Watch Momo earnings from a safe distance (not owning any anymore)
I bought into Aerohive Networks, Inc., Seven Stars Cloud Group, Inc., and Pareteum Corporation today. So i plan on watching them lose me money.
Cry while placing sell order for my Amazon.com, Inc. calls i'm up 400% on. Need to free up some cash to buy some fear
Add more to Remark Holdings, Inc., which I already added to today, but before it dropped to  the 8.40s. Oops.
Buy Illumina, Inc., wait for swing to $230 then sell.
All in on $180 Degree Capital Corp. at 2 and wait for it to go to 2.07
Start doing digging and research how to build a good portfolio. And start skimming of gainz and funnel into a gold account.
stare at weed stocks, main holdings WEED Amphenol Corporation ACB , riding it to the moon , im done wit Square, Inc. & Micron Technology, Inc., still got a Micron Technology, Inc. leap just gonna ride that
You know, being 75% positioned(with margin) holding $Stamps.com Inc. through earnings and watching sale of 1500 shares from the cenozoic era undo an entire quarter on the back of extremely good ER really makes me kind of immune to $Square, Inc. dropping back in price less than 2 weeks.
get some myofascial release, order cheesecake factory cuz their restaurants are impossible to eat comfortably in from doordash, wonder why trainerbot isn't in full production yet, see if roku drops under $40 and get another 10% swing trade, try to get some ultraboost xenos, Liberty Tax, Inc. BILL is pretty shitty for most people so it'll probably pass
Considering Qudian Inc..  It's rocketing back up after nearly falling off the wagon.
To Marathon Patent Group, Inc. or not to Marathon Patent Group, Inc.
Buy some stuff on Amazon.com, Inc. to pump up their Cyber Monday numbers
Hope biotech continues to not be the worst thing in the world
Hanging myself because I sold Marathon Patent Group, Inc. on Friday for 4.30 a share.
Holding my Baozun bags like a champ and pretending it doesn't hurt me to look at them!
Hopefully sell my Roku, Inc. put that I probably shouldn't have held on to.
Add to my Remark Holdings, Inc. position unless it takes off at the open.
Throw some more money at Remark Holdings, Inc. just to watch it crash.
Keep sitting on my Amazon.com, Inc. calls, and keep watching them print money.
I'm buying $LendingTree, Inc. and possibly selling some $Square, Inc.
Watch Visa. Heard a couple people bitch about problems with their network today & had one of my transactions fail earlier too.
$Marathon Patent Group, Inc. and $GROW. Because making money is for chumps.
Hope Micron Technology, Inc. climbs more. It opened with a 3% pullback and by the end of the day closed only .5% down so I think it's possible to see a Green Day Friday.
Put my life savings into $Marathon Patent Group, Inc. and $RIOT.
Get out of Square, Inc. and either move into amd if it dips slightly, or into ttwo for ~2 days and back into amd.
Hope Signet Jewelers Limited goes in the right direction
Buy more energy Oil and Novagold Resources Inc. stocks. Denbury Resources Inc. Southwestern Energy Company Chesapeake Energy Corporation Laredo Petroleum, Inc. and Callon Petroleum Company.
Think about buying Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. so I can lose money 24/7. Also watch the HMMJ keep going. God bless those Canadians for not celebrating Thanksgiving
Averaged down on iRobot Corporation yesterday...tomorrow will be hoping it starts climbing back to the low-mid 70s so I can dump it.
Setting myself up to lose another $20 grand. John Hancock Financial Opportunities Fund $25 1/19/2019 on wait for it. G mother fucking E
hope ta hell that Editas Medicine, Inc. has a pullback. the stock is cyclical AF and has no news to send it up so high
Watch my gains fade as I once again get fucked by fx when eur/usd rocket is flying to the moon, really need to start hedging.
The fuckin  move from the table to the couch after dinner.
Grab every single family member by the face and scream "LOL NO Square, Inc. Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd Micron Technology, Inc. Ford Motor CompanyactSet Research Systems Inc.? IT'S LIKE YOU DON'T EVEN WANT YACHTS Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd TENDIES YOU BETA CUCK Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company" and then get kicked out of the house and probably committed somewhere.
Meditate, keep my mind of the markets for once, go shooting if the range is open, chill with the pupper, chug down some festive beer
Gamble on some daily fantasy football since the markets are closed.
Avoid turkey at all costs homie only feasts on scrumptious tendies from one bird
Watch my Cummins Inc. calls keep making me Black Friday coin
watch canadian weed since im canadian and sq and mu are taking a day off
Sleep off my YOLO tonight. Gonna spend my Square, Inc. tendies at the Town Sports International Holdings, Inc.!
Chill at the yacht club and look at all the successful people's yachts
debate on why i bought an Micron Technology, Inc. call today at its high at 3:45 and why did I buy Square, Inc. debit spread and calls while it was on its way up in the last 45 minutes.
Enjoy trading up here in canada while you guys have fake thanksgiving
I won't be able to trade or check my portfolio between Thanksgiving and Christmas. What should I go all in on.
Jerk off while I watch Micron Technology, Inc. continue to explode. Maybe by Square, Inc. if it goes higher so I can lock in some losses.
Hope Wednesday doesn't take the place of closed Thursday so we can all celebrate Tendiesgiving
Buy back my Salesforce.com Inc iron condor. My first IC & it was profitable, heyo.
I don't think so. I think it will be flat after Wednesday.
Look for a new stock to swing trade. Currently have two long, and two bagholding.
Hold Alibaba Group Holding Limited, JD.com, Inc., Apple Inc. & Facebook, Inc.. Consider selling Shopify Inc. if it rises big tomorrow in exchange for Micron Technology, Inc.
All liquid except twitter puts so hope for a red day for discounts. ALMOST bought puts for JD.com, Inc. and Square, Inc. but just not that ballsy
Either watch $Remark Holdings, Inc. bounce back or buy more. Hold $Micron Technology, Inc. and $JD.com, Inc.
Citigroup Inc.lose my 10 SPY 258Citigroup Inc. Nov 24 contacts
I'll tell you what I'm not going to do. I'm definitely not going to look at what 105 and 110 strike $SVXY calls are going for since I already FUCKING sold them, that's fisho...
Probably going to debate with myself whether or not to buy $35 Jan and/or Feb $AT&T Inc. Calls.
Hoping that Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. goes up and Micron Technology, Inc. down so I can move more money into Micron Technology, Inc...
Keep holding Alibaba Group Holding Limited, Shopify Inc., JD.com, Inc., Apple Inc., and Facebook, Inc. unless something drastically unexpected happens.
Watch jd drop some more, cry, sell a kidney, buy more, repeat
Watch my Lowe&#39;s Companies, Inc. calls either double or become worthless. Exciting either way.
Staring at my phone in the am looking for a sweet spot to dump my Meritor, Inc. instead of paying attention in court.  Will probably be disbarred for ineffective counsel.
Keep holding my golden $Remark Holdings, Inc. options, start to sell at $11, double down on $GSUM, get drunk and make an insane levered bet on $INPX. If $JD.com, Inc. goes to 37, buy mid term calls, if $Electronic Arts Inc. gets near $100 buy long term calls. My calls have been going so well lately that I've got that completely unwarranted confidence that's gonna make me a millionaire and then broke within 1 month.
Continue to unsuccessfully convince myself that I didn't miss anything by not buying $Remark Holdings, Inc. last week.
Might look into snagging some PayPal Holdings, Inc. calls while its temporarily 'down'. If Lowe&#39;s Companies, Inc. missed ER and heads downward thats a buying opportunity
Watch if NetEase, Inc. is gonna just tumble back down or if this is a good entry point. Watch if iRobot Corporation can stay above 72. Jerk off. Watch if 3M Company can have another good day. Mostly gonna look for an entry point in Kroger Company (The)... oh and I'll probably buy NVIDIA Corporation right at its Athene Holding Ltd. mostly because I can't determine an entry point... #WSB
Intelsat S.A. shorted an ATM put on $Medtronic plc. How fucked am Intelsat S.A.?
Pray that Micron Technology, Inc. raises enough to at least break even the cost of buying plus being able to get out without taking a loss.
Watch futures after this late party tonight. Fall asleep by market open and then wake up just in time to see my gains from this year being wiped out.
Iz gonna be a green week for GAYYMD. Watch my calls make me money
when is the tax reform date for senates in December? i wanna get out of my stocks before then. anyone know the exact date?
I have 30k in Jan 250 NVIDIA Corporation calls.  So NVIDIA Corporation is probably going to tank, and I will fap to my tears.
Lose money. Since it's a short week. I need to get the losses over with faster.
Buy some tesla December calls and sell them by end of the week for good gains.
Hope Shopify Inc. dips below a 100 so I can jump in
Ride my PayPal Holdings, Inc. LEAPS all week. Wait for nicka with a brain's DD.
Apply for Chinese citizenship as my JD.com, Inc. and Alibaba Group Holding Limited calls fly into orbit
I have a small position in Gridsum Holding Inc., but I might go big after hours if their ER is good.
sell some apple and hopefully get back into some msft. keeping tabs on ea and atvi
Buying APPL and Longing that shit. Enough fags continue to buy their products
Hopefully sell some remaining swing trades, and keep an eye out for new ones (Micron Technology, Inc., perhaps).
I really want to buy some Electronic Arts Inc. fd's but i cant decide between puts or calls
Consider buying Intel Corporation because AMDuh and NVIDIA Corporation are both stupid.
I just watched Betting on Zero this weekend. All in on $HBL puts first thing tomorrow.
Play Lowe&#39;s Companies, Inc. earnings, what else?
Sell Cognex Corporation to buy Sierra Wireless, Inc.
Sell all my Activision Blizzard, Inc if it hits anywhere above $65
AyMD is looking good Imperial Oil Limited. I have 1500x11.14, so watching that
Bought some tsla stock. With the semi announcement tonight at 8pm pst it's free money on the table right? Musk is the master of hype. Hope to unload tomorrow with a nasty profit.
Endure an all-day meeting and stare at Bank of America Corporation. I swear this went from straight fiyah to a piss-poor meme as soon as I bought options. Whole market goes up, Bank of America Corporation goes down - can't explain that!
Sitting on $8000k worth of SPX calls with tomorrow expiry.  If we open red tomorrow I'm going to have to buy $ROPE on margin.
cashout of Robinhood. Done with that shit. Only options from now on.
Sell my YY Inc. put for a loss because I'm probably an idiot for holding.
Jerk off to $Applied Materials, Inc. gains hopefully!!!
saw another square payment tab today. buying more square.
My $105 Shopify Inc. calls expire tomorrow.. praying to the tendie lord for more movement.
Watch my Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. calls go to the moon hopefully.
Buy more Dynavax Technologies Corporation. Keep an eye on Alibaba Group Holding Limited and consider selling (swing trade) and see what happens with Shopify Inc..
I've been convinced to live and die by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited. So I'll probably sell at open wait for it to dip and buy it again.
I have 300 DEC 15 $55 calls for $OSTK. If their ICO launch for TZero goes well (planned for end of November), this goes to the moon.
Same as I do every day, look for Sphere 3D Corp. news on the tax plan and talk my self out of dropping my bag like a bitch.. because they are totally going to fuck this up
Pray for a dip  on JD.com, Inc. or Micron Technology, Inc. so I can buy after cashing yesterday.
Bought Eldorado Gold Corporation, read a nice analysis that suggests it is wildly undervalued.
Hold my aYYYYYYYMD that I bought at 10.85 today and make money.
Watch as more WSBers pick up $JD.com, Inc. calls in anticipation of $40 a share again only to get wrecked as it hits 38 and below.
Hope that Bank of America Corporation finds a way to shoot up to 27.50 and make my calls worth any fucking thing.
see if NetEase, Inc. bootstraps up other chinese tech and then hang myself on JD.com, Inc.
Just bought 600 shares of Applied Materials, Inc. ready for the ER
Watch my Mattel, Inc. puts. They rejected the buyout offer because of antitrust and pricing concerns.
look for a Momo Inc. pull back then keep adding before earnings
Sell BEST Inc. and thank the redditor that suggested it
Hope Alibaba Group Holding Limited gets its act together so I can cash out. Already made my money on it the other week, but got greedy looking for a subsequent quick swing trade.
Keep my DGAZ until the gap fill tomorrow and then buy UGAZ
Watch $TSLA. If it jumps, I'm selling. If not, holding to tomorrow. If it doesn't jump on Friday, I'll buy some $ROPE
Finish my srby.l dividend play. Not bad for a free 18usd for holding a contract for difference for less than one. Market hour.
I spent all day averaging down on Meritor, Inc.. So hopefully offloading >25.33 so I can lose it all on this Applied Materials, Inc. priced in bullshit earnings call.
Build positions in biotech.  Add to Gilead Sciences, Inc..  Look at some SPY or XLF puts it tax reform is in doubt.
seeing if Target Corporation has any rope on sale.. cuz stock price sure is.
Wanted to pick up some Spx puts today but was late to the party. Think I may pick up some Spx 2580 calls
Hope for another ridiculous Tesla, Inc.  dip..  load up on some 320, 330, 340 lotto calls and hope this semi reveal has it towing a god damn SPACEX Falcon Heavy bc we are going to the damn m0o0oooon.
think I'll be sitting out 16th and 17th. good luck to ppl in the market.
Eat it after, btw real men use pineapples ask hitler.
borrow money from my mom to buy more $JD.com, Inc..
thoughts? I'm just really hoping the 11s are bottom and this takes off soon
I'm sorry that won't happen because we're going to the fucking moon.
Is it time to buy jd yet? Or did you guys shit up the option chain till may?
I'm going to buy some flowers or chocolate, I forgot my wife's bday.
Go all in on Alibaba Group Holding Limited calls with the 1.5k I have left. It used to be 15k guys 15 FUCKING K
Continue to clench my sweaty butt on JD.com, Inc. movement.
Try to impress the cute Colombian girl in my bachata class with tales of how I profit from the rolled my Square, Inc. call spread forward for a 50% max profit lock in.
Watch more users pick up $JD.com, Inc. calls to just get wrecked again.
Wait for the next Micron Technology, Inc. dip then hold 'til earnings.
fap a bit in the morning, a little more in the afternoon and then fap again after the close to my losses
hope NetEase, Inc. can carry my JD.com, Inc. losses, it isn't a meme stock yet so I am hoping i am good.
Go to work and chill with $WEED. Maybe Buy a Corona $Constellation Brands Inc
Doing back day tomorrow and focusing on some upright rows and good mornings. Also I have 1k in some retarded weekly Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. calls so I'll most likely lose 100% if movement is down again tomorrow.
Load up on Spx puts in anticipation for the house vote Thursday
Got out of my Roku, Inc. calls AND puts that I purchased at their respective peak prices yesterday for profit across the board somehow today. Bought Alibaba Group Holding Limited, NVIDIA Corporation, and Micron Technology, Inc. calls today... will hopefully sell tomorrow on a good day and then seriously consider hanging up the guns for awhile because I've been getting too lucky doing dumb shit recently
Hope oil continues to go down tomorrow so i can lube myself up watching my gain$
Watch my Pandora calls go to the moon. Seriously how is nobody talking about this? Calls are still cheap boys it's the perfect play until the next meme bounce.
Hope UGAZ gets whacked even harder than today so I can sell DGAZ and buy UGAZ. For a 50:50 play going into weekly announcements.
I was up 13% on Boeing over the past few months but they've just dropped down to where I'm up only 10% so I'll probably buy some more of that. Also Lockheed, Microsoft Corporation and Apple Inc.. Bought Roku, Inc. at their lowest and sold at their peak so I've been doing well.
Hopefully bathing in Meritor, Inc. earnings money the way I did today with Advance Auto Parts Inc.
Getting free tendies from tcehy. Don't know why everyone jd and baba dick and not the tencent d
Teum, it had a great q3, I have no clue why it is selling for so cheap
Same thing I did today, daytrade and buy the dips and sell the small bounces.  The market is then going to dump Thursday and Friday when the tax bill gets delayed and I will look for some longs to hold for a while.
Lose more money on the banks, forgot what a positive day looked like
JDST DWT.. If Novagold Resources Inc. fills the gap then add UGAZ... been callin these tickers since yesterday..
Buying more JD.com, Inc. and Time Warner Inc. probably.
Hold my Activision Blizzard, Inc calls expiring friday.  Shit is getting real.
Watch my short volatility position get slaughtered.
Wake up, create suicide thread, post in said thread, go to work, see red portfolio, cry, shit post on WSB, go home, jerk off, sleep.
Binge General Tso's chicken tendies while awaiting the $JD.com, Inc. upgrades
Hold all current positions and wait for the dividends
I need JD.com, Inc. to do 43 by the end of the week but the market might keep it away from that cause too many shitters posted it here
Think about joining the Micron Technology, Inc. train...I've been saying that for a month straight...waited for a pull back and nope...most I've seen it down is 1% zzz.
Continue the rain dance for Bank of America Corporation. Hasn't worked so far but I gotta keep trying.
Stop flushing money down the General Electric Company toilet.
Went all in on Alibaba Group Holding Limited calls, why the fuck did it drop today
Keep adding to my Bank of America Corporation calls.
Sit on pot stocks(EAT, Tenet Healthcare Corporation) must be patient. Hit even on one of my bags today, After 75% loss at one point. Feeling lucky gonna push higher. Feel i can double or triple my positions yet just gotta  be patient.
Contemplate selling my $Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. after these buyout talks
Probably buy some weekly Spx puts but may hold off til tomorrow
Going in $Best Buy Co., Inc., it's gonna be pretty volatile off earnings for some reason.
Get as much $Origin Agritech Limited as possible before earnings
Watch JD.com, Inc. fall off a cliff. WSB is going to be the end of it.
Poke $Activision Blizzard, Inc with a stick repeatedly and hope it does something.
Do a ritual rain dance for Bank of America Corporation, might look into Home Depot, Inc. (The) ahead of earnings, let Micron Technology, Inc. do it's thang
Continue to wonder whether my 100% VTI position makes me a huge fat pussy, or a fucking faggit.
Monday? Flirt with girls in my cycle class. And probably get some more internet retail options.
Watch semiconductors fly up on a green Monday. Probably sell some MKS Instruments, Inc. and SOXL to buy some Mastercard Incorporated or Visa Inc..
Break even on Kroger Company (The) and never look back
Grab a bit more Corning Incorporated, hope for a Alibaba Group Holding Limited rally after singles day.
Hope I don't bleed out from the two knives I caught last week.
2k in JD.com, Inc. calls (Dec/March 40 strike) and 2000 shares. 5k in Alibaba Group Holding Limited calls (Jan 190 strike). Don't let me down CHINA.
Thank the Canadian weed gods for saving my ass from my Nov 17th $105 Shopify Inc. calls.
Just watching, probably. Might cash out my remaining Alibaba Group Holding Limited shares to free up some liquidity
See if I get lucky with my measily 4 calls on Switch, Inc.. Since their earnings report is tomorrow.
Watch for the snap pullback and buy more April 18 calls, sell them on the rebound for 10-20% gain.
pray to fucking god Rite Aid Corporation can hold onto fridays gains
Probably going to troll some other subreddits and just call people faggots here. Maybe throw in the occasional mom comment or two but thats about it fag.
$Remark Holdings, Inc. calls. I'm gonna be poor as fuck or rich as fuck by the end of the week.
Look at the nvda tendies I left on the table when I sold at 45 last year
Watch Walt Disney Company (The) plummet with all my other shitty positions and pretend everything's going to be all right
laugh at how NVIDIA Corporation is not going to do anything at all and just fucked everyone
Cash out my 500 Dynavax Technologies Corporation shares for some sweet, sweet profits
Watch NVIDIA Corporation , if it dips , buy calls for that day.
Buy suntory because Mila Kunis and Jim beam boycott.
Riding the Glu Mobile Inc. train to the moon. Taylor Swift's new album drops tomorrow. Should see a nice boost.
Cash out of my overstock calls. Shit did not expect that to pay off so fast.
Sell my SPY calls, and maybe buy more Alibaba Group Holding Limited calls.
move my Albemarle Corporation position into BEST Inc.
Bank of America Corporation rebounded a little this afternoon so looking to load up on some more calls. Hopefully Micron Technology, Inc. calls go uhp
close out some of my 1700 shares of SVXY that I bought today.
Bank of America Corporation calls, scoop up Square, Inc. maybe
Continue to hold my JD.com, Inc. calls and my WEED puts.
I am Canadian and I can buy options on US and CDN stocks
You should be able to open up a CDN trading account. Which bank?
I use Toronto Dominion Bank (The). No issues setting up a CDN and USD account. Weird. Did you ask?
watch Square, Inc. movement and possibly buying more.
Keep my eye on Snap Inc. as I have my position where I want it for now. I've had a few people messaging me today as I think I am one of the only ones who admits selling naked puts before the earnings report yesterday. Sure, I got the direction wrong but successful trading isn't about getting the direction right, it is about managing your positions effectively. People are asking me if I've been 'blown out'. I haven't, and here is why.
Watch my tendie mountain grow as SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. goes up all day.
Buy NVIDIA Corporation puts at close. Prepare for anal rape.
Probably watching all my gainz today disappear.  I fucking hope not.  Activision Blizzard, Inc will probably pull back some.  JD.com, Inc. is good till the end of the week.
All in $Dynavax Technologies Corporation for Friday's FDA approval for their Hep-B vaccine.
Lose money on the Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. weekly puts I bought today.
Watch the natty gas storage report and get very rich or very poor.
Buy more aaoi if it keeps rising. Set a sell limit just in case.
Watch Merck & Company, Inc. keep climbing.  Ignore NVIDIA Corporation until earnings dip.
Still on that T Time Warner Inc. ride. I think DOJ will give up their divestment requests or face a losing law suit. Either way, Time Warner Inc. volatility is certain.
Wait for all my options to cross my profit threshold. So many that are so close
Watching American Electric Power Company, Inc.. Market Watch has it up 18% in after hours trading.
Watch Snap Inc. hopefully break through $13, if not average down low 12s... This will rebound in the next 2 weeks just like it has the last 2 earnings after it tanked
Pack my stuff tonight and head to the moon on my $Square, Inc. rocket tomorrow.
What's going on with Square, Inc.? Earnings beat and the stock falls? Wut
What, my one contract? I was literally just gambling.
Sell Snap Inc. puts , treat myself with a premium whore.
hope the stupid Saudis stop dicking around so Bank of America Corporation can recover
Debating about cutting my $BioTelemetry, Inc. losses
Jerk off for the next month as Micron Technology, Inc. builds up for earnings as my calls go to the moon.
Hope for an exact repeat of today. I've got 3/4 of my portfolio in Micron Technology, Inc. JAN 18' calls and the other 1/4 in JD.com, Inc..com, Inc. $40 JAN 18' calls. Currently green on JD.com, Inc..com, Inc. and red still on Micron Technology, Inc.. Have 2 Snap Inc. Nov 17' $14 puts I yoloed with my leftover cash which is sick
Think I might sell my NVIDIA Corporation and hope for a post earnings dip
Watch my shares of Synaptics Incorporated go from red to green hopefully.
Roll my short Snap Inc. puts out to December and, depending on where the stock opens, sell calls against the puts.
Climb aboard my Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp see if I blast off
Tencent acquired 10% of Snap Inc.. Snap Inc. back up to 13.5
Hold Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. even after it rockets +428% Biglari Holdings Inc. cause it'll hit +4,639% by eod. ...probably. ...maybe. ...please, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. Pretty please.
Probably sell my snap puts and then sell some snap calls. maybe Amazon or Visa calls.
Probably stock up on rope while I still have the funds
Hold my SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. and watch it take off after earnings
Try to remember why I bought $14 Snap Inc. put calender spreads and figure out if I made money or not. I have no idea what I'm doing.